## Aug 7, 2024: Project #1 - This website

It has been a while since I had a portfolio site, so I figured it's about time. I've been playing with Vue lately, so what better way to learn the ins and outs of a new (to me) framework, than to build something.

So, here we go. Since I have been working for various private enterprises for the past 12 or so years, I haven't really built a portfolio of personal projects to show off... yet. That's what this is for, a blog to track the progress of several side projects I've been playing with for a while now. These are projects I've started, but not finished. I suppose the goal is to track their progress in public and actually get some stuff out there.

The projects:

- **Animobility** A fitness app for kids, using AI-powered motion capture, with the goal being to give kids some motivation to move.
- **Comics Data** Learning the latest in React + Next.js to visualize my comic collection[Source: [CLZ](https://www.collectorz.com/comic/clz-comics)]
- **A Game** I have many ideas for games, and a few prototypes. I'll start by digging those up, then see which one to move forward with.
- **TOEFL Practice** One project that is still ill-defined. In this case, I'll do some research and present the findings in this blog.

Our stack for building this will evolve as we go as well. To begin with:

- Vue + Markdown files for these blog posts
- Vercel for deploys
- Cloudflare for CDN

So, keep an eye on this blog to see how these projects progress. It's gonna be fun.

-- K Dubs Dev --
